Updating performance-best-practices.md (#22192)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/performance/performance-best-practices.md

A profiler, such as [PerfView](https://github.com/Microsoft/perfview), can be used to find threads frequently added to the [Thread Pool](/windows/desktop/procthread/thread-pools). The `Microsoft-Windows-DotNETRuntime/ThreadPoolWorkerThread/Start` event indicates a thread added to the thread pool. <!--  For more information, see [async guidance docs](TBD-Link_To_Davifowl_Doc)  -->

## Return large collections

A webpage shouldn't load an arbitrary number of rows. When returning a collection of objects, consider whether it could lead to performance issues. Determine if the design could produce the following poor outcomes:

* <xref:System.OutOfMemoryException> or high memory consumption
* Thread pool starvation (see the following remarks on <xref:System.Collections.Generic.IAsyncEnumerable%601>)
* Slow response times
* Frequent garbage collection

**Do** add pagination to mitigate the preceding scenarios. Using page size and page index parameters, developers should favor the design of returning a partial result. When an exhaustive result is required, pagination should be used to asynchronously populate batches of results to avoid locking server resources.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For more information on paging and limiting the number of returned records, see:

  * [Performance considerations](xref:data/ef-rp/intro#performance-considerations) 
  * [Add paging to an ASP.NET Core app](xref:data/ef-rp/sort-filter-page#add-paging
```

Reviewer 2: 2nd bullet needs a closing parenthesis :point_up:

Reviewer: Fixed, thanks

A profiler, such as [PerfView](https://github.com/Microsoft/perfview), can be used to find threads frequently added to the [Thread Pool](/windows/desktop/procthread/thread-pools). The `Microsoft-Windows-DotNETRuntime/ThreadPoolWorkerThread/Start` event indicates a thread added to the thread pool. <!--  For more information, see [async guidance docs](TBD-Link_To_Davifowl_Doc)  -->

> ## Return large collections

Reviewer 3: Would it maybe be clearer to make the header what we want users to do instead of the dangerous scenario? Perhaps `Return large collections in multiple smaller pages` or something like that?

> A webpage shouldn't load an arbitrary number of rows. When returning a collection of objects, consider whether it could lead to performance issues. Determine if the design could produce the following poor outcomes:

Reviewer 3: This is nit-picky, so feel free to ignore, but the data isn't necessarily arranged in rows. I might rephrase this first sentence as "A webpage shouldn't load large amounts of data all at once," or something like that.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A webpage shouldn't load large amounts of data all at once. When returning a collection of objects, consider whether it could lead to performance issues. Determine if the design could produce the following poor outcomes:
```
